[docs fix] update "Module Resolution Strategies" (#1333)
microsoft/TypeScript-Handbook: pages/Module Resolution.md

There are two possible module resolution strategies: [Node](#node) and [Classic](#classic).
You can use the `--moduleResolution` flag to specify the module resolution strategy.

> If not specified, the default is [Classic](#classic) for `--module es2015` and above (including `esnext`), or [Node](#node) otherwise (including `--module commonjs`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not specified, the default is [Node](#node) for `--module commonjs`, and [Classic](#classic) otherwise (including when `--module` is set to `amd`, `system`, `umd`, `es2015`, `esnext`, etc.). 
```

> > Note: `node` module resolution is now default and recommended. If you are having module resolution problems in TypeScript, try setting `moduleResolution: "node"` to see if it fixes the issue.

Author: took some liberty here to give advice for newbies reading this. i assume if people are on AMD/Systemjs they know what they are doing. feel free to remove if doesnt belong

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: `node` module resolution is the most-commonly used in the TypeScript community and is recommended for most projects.
> If you are having resolution problems with `import`s and `export`s in TypeScript, try setting `moduleResolution: "node"` to see if it fixes the issue.
```
